docs(operator): refactor Operator content (#449)
armory/docs: content/en/includes/armory-operator/why-use-kustomize.md

> Even though you can configure Spinnaker or Armory Enterprise in a single manifest file, the advantage of using [Kustomize](https://kustomize.io/) patch files is readability, consistency across environments, and maintenance manageability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though you can configure Spinnaker or Armory Enterprise in a single manifest file, the advantage of using [Kustomize](https://kustomize.io/) patch files is readability, consistency across environments, and maintainability.
```
